[Music]
sometimes you walk around a boat show a
boat just leaps out at you for being
that little bit different a little bit
special and this is it this is the Duchy
35 built down in Carmel and a mile or
yard is built in very small numbers and
to order only the yard specializes in
custom build and the idea is you get a
custom boat but with an affordable
package this particular model the galley
is down here but actually it could be
equally up here in the saloon as well
now the company have spent a lot of time
maximizing the use of space each side as
well the seats too much the same thing
to make the saloon very sociable
sleeping cabins consists of a double
forward and Island berth and there can
be a second cabin in this area once the
galley has been moved up into the saloon
good visibility from the wheelhouse and
a nice side door here to access the
decks fore and aft well the boat is
entirely made in the United Kingdom and
you can tell actually when the standard
the finish the quality that's gone into
it this is British oak this is the
galley area all the woods match and
opposite here it is a very generous
toilet area power comes from a pair of
twin nanny Diesel's
265 horsepower apiece giving a top speed
of about 22 knots cruising speed of 18
and this beautiful boat can be yours for
three hundred ninety thousand including
that Stirling
[Music]